feat(tracing): Add section about beforeNavigation (#1777)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/performance/distributed-tracing.md

*NOTE:* You need to make sure your web server CORS is configured to allow the `sentry-trace` header. The configuration might look like `"Access-Control-Allow-Headers: sentry-trace"`, but this depends a lot on your set up. If you do not whitelist the `sentry-trace` header, the request might be blocked.

*beforeNavigation Option*

{% version_added 5.18.0 %}

> For `pageload` and `navigation` transactions, the `Tracing` integration uses the browser's `window.location` API to generate a transaction name. To customize the name of the `pageload` and `navigation` transactions, a `beforeNavigation` option can be supplied to the `Tracing` integration. This option allows for you to pass in a function that takes in the location at the time of navigation and should return a new transaction name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `pageload` and `navigation` transactions, the `Tracing` integration uses the browser's `window.location` API to generate a transaction name. To customize the name of the `pageload` and `navigation` transactions, you can supply a `beforeNavigation` option to the `Tracing` integration. This option allows you to pass in a function that takes in the location at the time of navigation and returns a new transaction name.
```

> This is useful if you would like to leverage the routes from a custom routing library like `React Router` or if you want to reduce the cardinality of certain transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`beforeNavigation` is useful if you would like to leverage the routes from a custom routing library like `React Router` or if you want to reduce the cardinality of particular transactions.
```
